MosaicMakerWeb Direction
Try to setup a page to view a specific already created html mosaic. 






So how do I start making this a web site?

if I right click on an image and do update_all_instances
my options are to have javascript go to each one and update it,
or have it send back to the server - update all instances of this guy
then the server does it all, 
then it sends back a list of stuff. javascript iterates through the list to update the affected photos


The main way to communicate between the html grid and the server is going to be javascript I think
the page should be able to handle receiving a list of instruction and create and modify the grid. 

Yeah I guess the first thing to do would be to get one of the mosaic pages loaded using django as the front end
maybe even setup a remote database and amazon s3? nah I want to keep everything local for now. So a local database and regular filesystem. 
I don't want to pay any money for anything yet. 

So I have to setup a new Django project :/

What do I want the structure of everything to be?
Do I want 4 different apps?
one for handling the mosaic objects
one for handling image objects? this might be best inside the mosaic app?
one for handling piecelists? Maybe this is also a little crazy?
one for getting new pictures from various sources (web, google account, etc?) - I think this one kind of makes sense?
I can put the logic for using google CSE and google photos api here? probably also the logic for storing thumbnails here?

So maybe two apps?
One for retrieving curating saving etc images (where do I put the comparison stuff?)
one for the mosaic?

But where does the MosaicImage class go (used by both piecelist and mosaic)
Where do the image reduction and comparison algorithms go? should this be an django app or should it just be a module
which one is more easily pluggable by users (the point of having them be separate in the first place)

There was also talk of having piecelist be part of the mosaic, in that case, it might make sense for everything to be one app
Does it really matter how many apps I have, I mean, how many of these things would I really be reusing, everything here except for the google custom search engine and google photos api is probably never going to be reused?

Ok so one app for interfacing with common apis (can do this later if I actually want to)
one app for all the mosaic related stuff. 
 

 
or is one app good for me?